remove `open' (#981)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/cliCommands.md

15:04:51 api | ► http://localhost:8911/graphql/
```

> Using `--forward` (alias `--fwd`), you can pass one or more Webpack Dev Server [config options](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/dev-server/). The following will run the dev server, set the port to `1234`, and disable automatic browser https://github.com/redwoodjs/deploy-target-ci/issues/14ing.

Reviewer: @thedavidprice was this a typo?

> Using `--forward` (alias `--fwd`), you can pass one or more Webpack Dev Server [config options](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/dev-server/). The following will run the dev server, set the port to `1234`, and disable automatic browser https://github.com/redwoodjs/deploy-target-ci/issues/14ing.

Author: ```suggestion
Using `--forward` (alias `--fwd`), you can pass one or more Webpack Dev Server [config options](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/dev-server/). The following will run the dev server, set the port to `1234`, and disable automatic browser opening.
```
